now the
the Lord came to me son of man you dwell
in the midst of a rebellious house which
has eyes to see but does not see and
ears to hear but does not hear for they
are a rebellious us therefore the son of
men prepare your belongings for
captivity and go into captivity by day
in their sight you shall go from your
place into captivity to another place in
their sight it may be that they will
consider though they are a rebellious
house by day you shall bring out your
belongings in their sight as though
going into captivity and at evening you
shall go in their sight like those who
go into captivity dig through the wall
in their sight and carry your belongings
out through it in their sight you shall
bear them on your shoulders and carry
them out at trial and you shall cover
your face so that you cannot see the
ground for I have made you a sign to the
house of Israel so I did as I was
commanded I brought out my belongings by
day as though going into captivity and
at evening I dug through the wall with
my hand I brought them out at Twilight
and I bore them on my shoulder in their
sight
and in the morning the word of the Lord
came to me son of man has not the house
of Israel the rebellious house said to
you what are you doing say to them thus
says the Lord God this burden concerns
the Prince in Jerusalem and all the
house of Israel who are among them say I
am assigned to you as I have done so
shall it be done to them they shall be
carried away into captivity and the
Prince who is among them shall bear his
belongings on his shoulder at Twilight
and go out they shall dig through the
wall to carry them out through it he
shall cover his face so that he cannot
see the ground with his eyes I will also
spread my net over him and he shall be
caught in my snare I will bring him to
Babylon to the land of the chaldeans yet
he shall not see it though he shall die
there I will scatter to every wind all
who are around him to help him and all
his troops and I will draw out the sword
after them then they shall know that I
am the Lord when I scatter them among
the nations and dispersed them
throughout the countries but I will
spare a few of their men from the sword
from famine and from pestilence that
they may declare all their abominations
among the Gentiles wherever they go then
they shall know that I am the Lord
moreover the word of the Lord came to me
son of man eat your bread with quaking
and drink your water with trembling and
anxiety and say to the people of the
land thus says the Lord God to the
inhabitants of Jerusalem and to the land
of Israel they shall eat their bread
with anxiety and drink their water with
dread so that her land may be emptied of
all who are in it because of the
violence of all those who dwell in it
then the cities that are inhabited shall
be laid waste and the land shall become
desolate and you shall know that I am
the Lord and the word of the Lord came
to me son of man what is this proverb
that you people have about the land of
Israel which says the days are prolonged
and every vision fails tell them
therefore thus says the Lord God
I will lay this proverb to rest and they
shall no more use it as a proverb in
Israel but say to them the days are at
hand and the fulfillment of every vision
for no more shall there be any false
vision or flattering divination within
the house of Israel for I am the Lord I
speak and the word which I speak will
come to pass it will no more be
postponed for in your days o rebellious
house I will say the world and perform
it again the word of the Lord came to me
son of man look the house of Israel is
saying the vision that he sees is for
many days from now and he prophesies of
times far-off therefore say to them thus
says the Lord God none of my words will
be postponed any more but the word which
I speak will be done
[Music]